well Nate aft and a by hue the sons of
Aaron each took his censer and put fire
in it put the incense on it and offered
profane fire before the Lord which he
had not commanded them
so fire went out from the Lord and
devoured and they died before the Lord
Moses said to Aaron this is what the
Lord spoke saying by those who come near
me I must be regarded as Holy and before
all the people I must be glorified so
Aaron held his peace then Moses called
Michelle and elsif on the sons of Blasio
the uncle of Aaron and said to them come
near Carrie your brethren from before
the sanctuary out of the camp so they
went near and parried them by their
tunics out of the camp as Moses had said
and Moses said to Aaron and to Eleazar
and Ithamar his sons do not uncover your
heads nor tear your clothes lest you die
and wrath come upon all the people but
let your brethren the whole house of
Israel bewail the burning which the Lord
has kindled you shall not go out from
the door of the tabernacle of meeting
lest you die the anointing oil of the
Lord is upon you and they did according
to the word of Moses and the Lord spoke
to Aaron do not drink wine or
intoxicating drink you know your sons
with you when you go into the tabernacle
of meeting lest you die it shall be a
statute forever throughout
your generations that you may
distinguish between holy and unholy and
between unclean and clean and that you
may teach the children of Israel all the
statutes which the Lord has spoken to
them by the hand of Moses Moses spoke to
Aaron and to Eleazar and Ithamar his
sons who were left take the grain
offering that remains of the offerings
made by fire to the Lord and eat it
without leaven beside the altar for it
is most holy you shall eat it in a holy
place because it is your doom and your
sons do of the sacrifices made by fire
to the Lord for so I have been commanded
the breasts of the wave offering and the
thigh of the heave offering you shall
eat in a clean place you your sons and
your daughters with you for they are
your doom and your sons do which are
given from the sacrifices of peace
offerings of the children of Israel
the thigh of the heave offering and the
breasts of the wave offering they shall
bring with the offerings of fat made by
fire to offer as a wave offering before
the Lord and it shall be yours and your
sons with you by a statute for ever as
the Lord has commanded
when Moses made careful inquiry about
the goat of the sin offering and there
it was burned up and he was angry with
Eleazar and Ithamar the sons of Aaron
who were left why have you not eaten the
sin offering in a holy place since it is
most holy and God has given it to you to
bear the guilt of the congregation to
make atonement for them before the Lord
see it's blood was not brought inside
the holy place indeed you should have
eaten it in a holy place as I commanded
and Aaron said to Moses look this day
they have offered their sin offering and
their burnt offering before the Lord and
such things have befallen me if I had
eaten the sin offering today would it
have been accepted in the sight of the
Lord
so when Moses heard that he was content
[Music]
you